오전 6:24 2023-09-15

<##1 Introduce me>

 I used to be shepherd in the Luberon region of France.
 it was a very isolated place, so I was often all alone in the pasture.
 Sometimes, I did not see many people for weeks.
 During those weeks, I only had my dog and the flocks of sheep to accompany me.
 From time to time, I saw a loner who lived on Mount Lure.
 He would come down to hear some news of the outside world.
 Also, I sometimes saw coal miners.
 They worked in the coal mines near my field, so I spoke with them as they
went back and forth to the coal mines.
 
<##2  Supplies things>
 
Once every two weeks, I got a visitor from the farm.
 This person was usually the farm boy or an old woman who worked at the farm.
They were sent to bring me supplies on a mule.
 I was always happy to see them.
 They would tell me all of the news from the lowlands.
 However, the news that interested me the most was about my master"s daughter.
 Her name was Stephanette, and she was the most beautiful girl in the surrounding
area. Without seeming to take too much interest. I would ask how Stephanette was
doing. I asked if there were any young men who wanted to marry her.
 Of course, I was just a lowly shepherd who worked for her father.
 I had to remind myself that there was no way that Stephanette would be interested in me.
 After all, there were many wealthy and handsome young men in the area.
 One Sunday, I was waiting for the delivery boy to arrive. 
 It had been two weeks since my last delivery, so I was running out of supplies, 
 By ten o"clock, no one had arrived yet.

<##3  Not arrived farmhand>
 
"That"s odd,"I thought. "There must be a problem at my master"s house."
 I continued to wait, but no one came by noon. "They must have forgotten to send my 
supplies,"I said to myself.
 Around noon, I noticed that a big storm was coming.
In the distance, some dark clouds were gathering.
 Soon, heavy rain began to pour down. "Now I understand,"I said to myself.
 "The bad weather has delayed the delayed the delivery person.
 The roads must be muddy by now. 
 I should not expect him to arrive yet."
 A few hours later, the storm was over.

<##4  Strphanette come>

The sun shone high in the sky, and its warm rays spread bright light all over the fields.
 All of a sudden, I heard the familiar sound of the mule"s bells.
 Ieagerly looked to see if it was the farmhand or the old woman. 
 However, it was neither the farmhand nor the old woman.
 It was the beautiful Stephanette! Oh, what a wonderful surprise that was!
 She got off the mule, and then she said to me, "I got lost on my way up the hill."
 "Are you all right, mistress?" I asked.
 She smiled and nodded at me.


<##5   Farmhand was sick>

 "The famhand is sick," said Stephanette, "and the old woman is visiting her children
 to spend the holiday with them. So my father sent me instead."
 I could not take my eyes off her. She looked so beautiful in that fresh afternoon air.
 In fact, I had never seen her so close before. And I had never spoken to her.
I had only ever seen her from a distance.
 When I returned to the lowlands in the winter, her father would invite me to dinner at his farm.
 At those times, she would invite me to dinner at his farm.
 AT those times, she would walk silently across the room and not say a word to any of the servants.
 She had always looked very proud during those times. And now she was standing in front of me.


<##6  SDtephnette give things>

 After she took my supplies off the mule, Stephanette looked around the area.
 She seemed curious about the pasture and small barn.
 "So this is where you live, shepherd?" she asked.
 She noticed my bed in the barn. It was a simple bed made of straw and sheepskin.
 There were a cape and a stick hanging on the wall above my bed.
 "You must be lonely and bored because you are always alone,"she continued.
 "What do you do all day long?"
 I wanted to answer, "I only think about you.
Stephanette," but i did not. As a matter of fact, I thought she was like a fairy, but I did not say those words.
 Instead, I said nothing.


<##7  Stephnette leave>

 "Well, I must leave now," she said. Stephanette got back on the mule and said goodbye to me.
 Then, the mule led her back toward the farm. I watched her as she disappeared down the hill.
 The sound of the mull"s footsteeps remained with me for a long time.


<##8  Stephanette return>

 Later in the evening, I brought th flock of sheep back in from the fields.
As I was completing, my chores, Iheard a voice calling my name.
It was Stephantette. She had returned. But she was not smilling anymore. Now, she was soaking wet
and shivering from the cold.
 "At the bottom of the mountain, there is a river as you know. The rain from the storm caused the river to flood.
 The water has risen very high. Itried to cross the river, but I almost drowned in the water.
 I tried to cross the river, but I almost drowned in the water. I was so scared and didn"t know what to do.
 So I just returned here." she said in a trembling voice.


<##9  Stephanette stayed

 I was not sure what to do. It was not right for her to spend the noght on the mountain. I also could not
leave the flock of sheep to take her home. But then I thought. "The nights in July are short. It"s only
one night." I immediately made a fire so that she could dry her feet and clothes. Then, I gave her some
 milk and cheese,but Stephanette was not interested in eating.
She burst into tears. And I almost felt like crying,too. It was completely dark outside. I took her to the barn,
and I prepared a bed for her. I laid out a new sheepskin on the fresh straw so that she could rest. I said
goodnight and went outside.
 I sat down in front of the door. I tried not to think of the young lady who was resting in my house. But
all that I could think of was her. I was proud because I had assisted her. Tonight, it was my responsibility to
keep her safe. In happiness, I looked up in the sky. The stars shone more beautifully than ever that night.


<##10  Talked about stars>

 A while later, the barn door opened, and Stephanette came out. 
 "I cannot sleep." she said. "Do you mind if I sit next to the fire?"
 She sat down by the fire. I gave her a goatskin to wrap around herself. We sat by the fire in silence. That
night, every creature seemed to come alive. The frogs in the pond croked louder than normal. The insects 
sang loudly as well. The fire made a brilliant bright light as it burned through the night. Even the night air seemed
to be fresher than normal.
 Some noises in the night frightened her. She moved closer to me. Just then, a shooting star passed in the
sky above us. It was the most beautiful shooting star I had ever seen.

 "What is that?" asked Stephanette.
 "A soul that has entered Heaven, "I responded.
 Stephanette looked at me and said, "You are not like the other young men I know?"
 I answred, "I am probably like most other men, but my life in the field is very different from theirs. Here, I live
close to the stars. I know what happens up there better than people from the plains."
 Stephanette looked up into the sky and said, "look! There is another shooting star." She pointed to a shooting star streaking across the sky.
 "It"s so beautiful. I have never seen so many beautiful stars in my life. Do you know the names of the stars?"


<##11  Star Milky Way>

 "Of course, mistress, I do." I answered. "Look up there. Do you see the streak of light that travels across the sky? That
is the Milky Way. The Milky Way stretches all across Frane and goes info Spain. Soldiers often use the Milky Way to 
find their way home."
 I continued to point out some of the stars to her. I explained constellations to her.
 "Many stars combine to form constellations. They ane like pictures in the sky. Can you see that group of stars?
That is the Bog Dipper. The three stars in front are the Three Animals. And thereis Orion the Hunter up there."
 "Did you know that we shepherds are able to use the sky like a clock? I can tell the time by loking at the
stars. For instance, right now, it is almost midnight?" I kept talking.


<##12  Evening star>

 "All of the stars are beautiful, But the most beautiful star of all is the Evening Star. It comes out first every
night. It is the shepherd"sfriend. She lights our way at dawn when we take our flocks out to the fields
Maguelonne. Maguelonne chases Saturn in the sky and marrles him every seven yoars."
 "What? The stars can marry?" she exclaimed.
 "Oh, sure. The stars can get married." I told her.


<##13 Stephanette fall asleep>

 I was just about to explain how the stars get married.
Then, I felt as Stephanette laid her head on my shoulder and fell asleep. In the cool breeze, the ribbons in her
hair danced, and I felt the touch of her curls against my neck. It was the most enchanting feeling.
 We stayed like that until the stars began to fade and the first rays of dawn appeared. I wanted that night to 
last forever.
 All above us, the stars continued their march across the night sky. I imagined that one of the stars, the finest and
the most brilliant, had lost her way and was resting her head on my shoulder.